{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Indonesia and Tanzania first established diplomatic relations in 1964. The embassy\'92s inauguration took place during Tanzanian senior diplomat Stergomena Tax's visit to Indonesia. Tax and her Indonesian counterpart Retno Marsudi also inaugurated the embassy shortly after a bilateral meeting.\'93The embassy will further cement our cooperation and friendship,\'94 Tax said at a press briefing. She added Indonesia and Tanzania have worked on capacity building programs on food security, trade, investment, and education over the past five years. Similar programs will take place in agriculture, mining, and energy in 2023-2024, Retno told the same presser.\'a0\'93In the long run, we seek to level up our cooperation, including by developing a country-specific cooperation plan on development cooperation,\'92 Retno said in a press conference with Tax.. The new embassy will not only strengthen the bond between Indonesia and Tanzania, but also African countries, the Indonesian foreign minister said in an interview with The Jakarta Post on Monday. The Indonesian embassy in Dar es Salaam is expected to be completed by the end of the year.(Tanzania Opens Embassy in Jakarta). \
\
Maurel & Prom is a Paris-based oil company, as well as a subsidiary of Pertamina\'92s international arm PIEP (Pertamina Internasional Eksplorasi dan Produksi) PIEP today holds a 71.09 percent stake in Maurel and Prom. The transaction is expected to close by the third quarter of this year and is subject to Tanzanian regulatory approval. The company is also working on acquiring Jersey-based natural gas producer Wentworth Resources which holds a 31.94 percent working interest in the Mnazi Bay\'92\'91s production operations.\'92 The company in 2020 had established a clove leaf oil field distillation unit in Pemba island of Zanzibar and in the Tanga area of the mainland. The pharmaceutical giant Dexa Medica has also gotten Tanzania\'94s green light to ship its products to the East African country. The Indonesian Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa will visit Indonesia in September. He will come with Tanzania business delegates who wish to explore new deals with Indonesia.\'93I appreciate Tanzania's support for Indonesia's outbound investment. I\'92m confident that would contribute positively to Indonesia\'94(Pertamina Seeks Majority Share in Tanzanias Mnazi Bay). \
}