{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Tax and her Indonesian counterpart Retno Marsudi also inaugurated the embassy shortly after a bilateral meeting at the latter\'92s office.\'93The embassy will further cement our cooperation and friendship,\'94 Tax said at a press briefing.Indonesia first established diplomatic relations in 1964. The ministry also wrote that Tanzania\'92s interests in Indonesia were accredited from its high commission in Kuala Lumpur.\'93Indonesia has been an ally and key partner to Tanzania over the years. [Indonesia] is one of the earliest countries to open a full-fledged embassy in Tanzania after our independence,\'94 Tax said.\'93Since then, we have remained partners. And even before you established the embassy, [namely] since the Bandung Declaration in 1955,\'94 Tax added, referring to the Asia-Africa conference communique that called for respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all nations.According to Retno, the new embassy will not only strengthen the bond between Indonesia and Tanzania, but also African countries.(Tanzania Opens Embassy in Jakarta)\
\
\'93Pertamina seeks to expand its presence and acquire the majority shares in Mnazi Bay Bloc operation through its subsidiary Maurel & Prom,\'94 Retno said in a joint press statement in Jakarta on Thursday, shortly after a bilateral meeting with her Tanzanian counterpart Stergomena Tax.Maurel & Prom is a Paris-based oil company, as well as a subsidiary of Pertamina\'92s international arm PIEP (Pertamina Internasional Eksplorasi dan Produksi). Maurel & Prom is also working on acquiring Jersey-based natural gas producer Wentworth Resources which holds a 31.94 percent working interest in the Mnazi Bay\'92s production operations.Maurel & Prom Q1-2023 report wrote that Wentworth Resources\'92 acquisition has been approved by the target\'92s shareholders. The company in 2020 had established a clove leaf oil field distillation unit in Pemba island of Zanzibar.\'93I appreciate Tanzania\'92s support for Indonesia\'92s outbound investment.(Pertamina Seeks Majority Share in Tanzanias Mnazi Bay)\
}